Requirements
Your task is to write a backend application that will receive a bet and process it for (1)
jackpot pool contribution and (2) evaluate the bet for jackpot reward. You need to
implement the following:
●​ An API endpoint to publish a bet to Kafka.
●​ A Kafka consumer that listens to jackpot-bets Kafka named-topic.
●​ Each bet must contribute to a matching jackpot pool.
●​ Each bet must be evaluated for jackpot reward.
●​ An API endpoint to evaluate if a bet wins a jackpot reward.
The details of these Use Cases can be found in the next page. There are no further
defined requirements for the API, it is up to you to design and implement the necessary
code in order for the API to support the mentioned operations above. This refers to the
entire flow starting from the API, down to the persistence layer.
It is expected for you to spend around 90 minutes to complete the exercise.

Jackpot Service
We want to launch a new backend service that will manage jackpot contributions and
rewards. Here you have the relevant Use Cases to support:

1.​ An API endpoint to publish a bet to Kafka.
a.​ This endpoint should publish a bet to Kafka. A bet is represented by:
i.​ Bet ID
ii.​ User ID
iii.​ Jackpot ID
iv.​ Bet Amount
b.​ The topic should be jackpot-bets as commented before.

2.​ A Kafka consumer that listens to jackpot-bets Kafka named-topic.
3.​ Each bet must contribute to a matching jackpot.
a.​ Each jackpot will start with a configurable initial pool value. Each Jackpot
can have a different configuration for contribution. In the beginning we want
to support just two options, but have the option to add more configurations
in future.
i.​ Fixed contribution as a percentage of the Bet Amount.
ii.​ Variable contribution as a percentage of the Bet Amount. In the
beginning the contribution is bigger and over time it becomes lower
at fixed rate as the jackpot pool increases.
b.​ The System checks for a matching jackpot based on Jackpot ID. If there is
such a jackpot, the system should contribute to the jackpot pool according
to its configuration.
c.​ A Jackpot Contribution in database is composed by:
i.​ Bet ID
ii.​ User ID
iii.​ Jackpot ID
iv.​ Stake Amount
v.​ Contribution Amount
vi.​ Current Jackpot Amount
vii.​ Created At Date
4.​ An API end point to evaluate if a bet wins the jackpot reward.
a.​ This endpoint should check if a contributing bet wins the jackpot reward
and return the reward as a response.
b.​ Each Jackpot can have a different configuration for rewards. In the
beginning we want to support just two options, but have the option to add
more configurations in future.
c.​ Fixed chance for a reward as a percentage.
d.​ Variable chance as a percentage. In the beginning the chance for reward is
smaller and over time it becomes bigger as the jackpot pool increases. If
the jackpot pool hits a limit, then the chance becomes 100%.
e.​ When a jackpot is rewarded, it should be reset to the initial pool value.
f.​ A Jackpot Reward in database is composed by:
i.​ Bet ID
ii.​ User ID
iii.​ Jackpot ID
iv.​ Jackpot Reward Amount
v.​ Created At Date
